Speaker 1  0:33  
Okay, hang on, I gotta figure out how to work Zoom. There we go. How

Speaker 2  0:43  
are you?

Gary Ricke  0:45  
More importantly, how are you

Speaker 1  0:47  
doing? Well, I'm on the mend after this meeting. I'm going for my half mile walk, which the doctor wants me doing daily. I had PT this morning. I just feel the pain before the pain from the injury before the surgery is completely gone, so that's incredible. However, I'm just extremely sore and achy from the surgery, because they shaved bone and move some things around, so I just feel uncomfortable, so it's hard to sit for, you know, longer than 2030 minutes, but you know that's what PT is for, and they said within about four to six weeks you should be pretty good to go, and I'm at a little over two weeks, so we're not far away.

Gary Ricke  1:34  
My God, so a back injury you had.

Speaker 1  1:37  
Yeah, I had a hockey injury, I was playing hockey and moved the wrong way from the park, so that's what happened.

Gary Ricke  1:49  
Sports injury.

Speaker 1  1:50  
Oh, shit. Hang on, I lost you here, Gary.

Gary Ricke  1:55  
Yeah, you're gone for a second.

Speaker 1  2:00  
Can you hear me?

Gary Ricke  2:02  
Yeah, I hear you.

Speaker 1  2:04  
Okay, you're just delayed, but I got you. I'll let you know if I have any more injuries. Let me know, vice versa.

Gary Ricke  2:13  
Cool. All those changes, they're about to be ready to review. I was just waiting for the last video to go up, so that'll be ready soon as we get off. I'll just send you the link, and everything should be ready

Speaker 2  2:25  
to go.

Speaker 1  2:26  
Cool. And I'll have a response with you within our, because I have a meeting with my dad at four today, so I will make that. I'll pull that up, and we'll go through all the updates. And by tonight, I mean, if you like, you always do, if you made the changes, it should be good to go. We have nothing else.

Gary Ricke  2:44  
Yeah, yeah, we can take them all live.

Speaker 1  2:46  
Great, that would be

Gary Ricke  2:50  
awesome. All right, so let's talk business.

Speaker 1  2:53  
Let's talk

Gary Ricke  2:53  
premier sales.

Speaker 1  2:55  
Premier sales, so I don't know. I want to use your creativity. I don't really know what I'm.. I can give you some ideas that I'm looking for, but like I said, you know, two months ago when we talked about my website, is I don't really know too much about what I want. It's kind of one of those things that you don't know what you don't know, like with Unified, I had no idea that you would present to us how great you have done. I didn't even think that we, our website would look like what it's going to look like, so, so you know it's something that I just don't know. So I just want it to be a landing page for myself, like I said, you know, I need a website and I want to be branded correctly. Is it going to bring me x amount of more business before I talked with you, I would say no, like you know how, not really, they're going to be going, my customers go to the unified page because that's who they're buying from, they're not going to my page, however, you did bring up a good point of, you know, doing the outreach of reaching out to my accounts creativity, and that could bring business, which I agree with. So, for my landing page, like you know, a nice portrait of myself, a little bit about me, a page dedicated to the lines that I represent, which now is only unified wire. So, so we'll just have to, you know, I wanted to say, you know, I'll have to think of the wording, or you will help me, but you know, lines I represent, and then for unified, and then under that, I want to show what unified does, like, you know, electrical wiring cable, this is our, this is their expertise, so that when people do go to my website, they know, oh, he represents this wire company. We buy wire, and look, just from.. I don't even have to go to Unified website, just from right here. I see that they do THHN Wire. I'm going to reach out to him, something like that.

Speaker 2  4:53  
Okay,

Speaker 1  4:53  
and yeah, I know that you'll make it look high tech and futuristic and all that, so I won't even talk about that, because you're going to do that regardless. So, yeah, I, I know that I'm not giving you a lot, but, like, really to hone in on the point, I don't know what I want.

Gary Ricke  5:13  
That's okay, I think. Do you know of any other sites in your space, people doing what you're trying to do that, I could use as a reference.

Speaker 1  5:22  
Absolutely, by the end of the day tomorrow, I will send you a few URLs. I will go through at the trade show we were at. I got a bunch of business cards, a few sales reps are in here, plus the company that we brought on, Riffle, who you've seen their name a few times. They have a website that's probably further ahead than the other ones they'll send you, because they're, they're a pretty big sales group. So, I will send you at least three URLs.

Gary Ricke  5:49  
Perfect, that's what I'll do, is I will make sure that you look as good or better than what those guys look like, and then you can get me any kind of pictures you want of yourself, but definitely get me something, or a few, or whatever, and then I'll make it look studio grade, of course.

Speaker 1  6:11  
Got it?

Gary Ricke  6:11  
Just give me something pretty current.

Speaker 1  6:14  
Nope,

Gary Ricke  6:14  
and I'll take it from there. Oh, logo, do you have a logo?

Speaker 1  6:23  
Yeah, yeah. I'll send you when I send the URLs. I will send the every version I have. I have the vector file, the PDF file, everything that you'll be able to do.

Gary Ricke  6:32  
You have it there with you? Can I see it?

Speaker 1  6:36  
Yeah,

Gary Ricke  6:42  
or maybe. maybe you've sent it to me already.

Speaker 1  6:45  
My email sign in trip, that's okay. I can easily pull it up right here.

Gary Ricke  6:49  
Yeah, let's take a look. Oh, got it. Okay,

Speaker 1  7:05  
it's not loading.

Gary Ricke  7:08  
So the logo here, are you open for other design ideas?

Speaker 1  7:19  
Yes, yeah, I am open to design ideas. The only hesitation I had is I have business cards, but I only bought 100 so I, it's, I'm not grounded to that at all.

Gary Ricke  7:32  
Yeah, that was going to be my ask, is

Speaker 1  7:35  
come up with something new, I'm into it.

Gary Ricke  7:38  
Yeah, yeah, so right. I just wanted to see, because I think just these tools are pretty amazing, and some of the recommendations they can make. So, I just wanted to present some ideas, some alternate ideas. And I was, that was my question, How embedded are you with your print materials? But we got 100

Speaker 1  7:56  
done. I've been, I've been around for four months, I can make changes. Anything? Do you want to know who did this logo?

Gary Ricke  8:02  
You

Speaker 1  8:03  
know, I'll give you a hint. It says, "Hang on, my mouse is frozen. It said everything's frozen. Can you hear me?

Gary Ricke  8:11  
I can hear you.

Speaker 1  8:12  
My whole computer just.. I can't click any. There we go. This is who did it, right there. Do you see that name? Very

Gary Ricke  8:21  
good.

Speaker 1  8:23  
Not married, do it. Give me some ideas. So, by the end of the day tomorrow, in fact, it'll be even earlier. By the end of the day tomorrow, I just don't want to over promise. I will send you URLs of examples. I will send you my logo, and by tonight I will give you the green light for the unified website, and other than that.

Gary Ricke  8:43  
Okay, yeah, we're running next. I want to jump on the spec tool, so I wanted to figure out, are you still there?

Speaker 1  8:56  
I'm here, I

Speaker 2  8:58  
got, okay,

Gary Ricke  8:59  
yeah, yeah. So I want to figure out next steps on getting the wire selector going, and at one point there was some kind of a database of all the SKUs.

Speaker 1  9:16  
Hang on, Gary, it just kicked me out of the meeting for about 10 seconds, and then I came back.

Gary Ricke  9:22  
Oh, okay.

Speaker 1  9:24  
I don't know what it is. I don't.. I have full Wi-Fi, so I don't know if it's okay or what it is. But tell me that again. So, the repeat that part, please.

Gary Ricke  9:36  
So, at one point there was a conversation of some kind of a database of some sort of all the SKUs, and all the things like that's what I'm guessing we want to pursue, is I need, you know, I need all the wires and all the dimensions. We really don't need the pictures yet, because I think I can generate those, but we need some kind of a database to start out with. So, is that something you can pursue in some regard, or know who to ask?

Speaker 1  10:04  
Yep, I'm going to put you in an email with Eva and Jamie right after my walk, during my meeting with my dad, and I will have them spearhead that, because we do. Yeah, Tom said that, and if Tom said that, we then we have it because he's the VPL, so he would know best. So they will get it from Tom, and they will supply it to you.

Gary Ricke  10:27  
Okay, that's where I will get started. Then we can kind of see what we can build from that.

Speaker 1  10:31  
That sounds great. Yeah, so yeah, everything will be live except basically that part, which is totally fine. I said that's lower primary, so that's perfectly fine.

Gary Ricke  10:41  
Okay,

Speaker 2  10:42  
cool. All

Gary Ricke  10:43  
right, nice and efficient. We're good, I think.

Speaker 1  10:45  
Good stuff. Awesome. Good to see you.

Gary Ricke  10:48  
You too, my friend.

Speaker 1  10:49  
Hey, bye

Gary Ricke  10:50  
later.

Unknown Speaker  10:50  
Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
