Jason Foley  1:09  
Oh, right? It's game time. I cannot hear you.

Gary Ricke  2:20  
Game on. There we go. How are you? How are you?

Jason Foley  2:27  
Tired? Good, busy, tired, happy, good.

Gary Ricke  2:34  
Well, the universe is a better place with the new soul in town, right?

Jason Foley  2:38  
Hell yeah. There's no doubt about that, yeah, how are you? How's business, how's life? Are you married?

Gary Ricke  2:45  
I am. I have four kids, and my youngest went off to college this fall, this past fall, so, yeah, man, it's that's rough. Four's a lot. Oh yeah, four is a lot. And, you know, and everybody says it, but it goes by fast. I remember like it was yesterday when this last one who left, she was four days old, when I took her to the local school to where her brother and sisters went to school to pick them up. And it was just, I just remember that day like it was yesterday, because I'm like, I brought her there, and people were looking at I go, how often do you get to see a human being that's four days old?

Jason Foley  3:31  
I know it's a rare I can't relate to, like, talking about how quickly time passed by with kids, but like, I know how quickly time passed by like I remember my first day of high school, which was almost 20 years ago, and I just I remember my brother. I remember it vividly. I remember the door I walked in. I remember my brother was a junior, and he walked me to my first class because I was nervous. It was almost 20 fucking years ago, and I remember it vividly. And yeah, it's scary. I Yeah. I mean, our son's already over five weeks old. I remember being in the delivery room like it was a second ago. I don't know, I don't know,

Gary Ricke  4:16  
yeah, yeah, it's scary.

Jason Foley  4:18  
It's sad and scary. It's not a good thing that time goes by this quick. In my opinion.

Gary Ricke  4:23  
No, it's not. But I think just between you and I, and I think people who don't have children, you don't know what it's like to be a human being.

Jason Foley  4:35  
Oh, I yeah, for people that choose not to have kids because they just don't want to do it that I can't imagine going through life. And then, okay, sure you're married, so then you die, whatever, 8090, if you're lucky, 100 and you just, like, sure you had more money, and you probably traveled more and stuff. But like, you know what? What was the point, though? Like, what did you leave behind, other than memories for yourself, which are going to the grave? No, I

Gary Ricke  5:06  
I never wanted children. And my wife at the time, when we were dating, she goes, you're going to be the father of my children. And I go, okay, whatever. But then I had some older friends who had had kids and a little bit older, right? So they're a little ahead of me and and a couple of them said things that they'll never forget. And one guy said he goes, Man, I love my wife, but I kill for my kids. And there was just these things these guys are saying to her, I was like, Maybe I should try this thing out. Maybe it's more than I really realized. Because I did not like children, I was not going to be a dad, whatever. And and then when I met my wife, she was so good. She came from a large Italian family. She had 12 brothers and sisters, and the family was so amazing. And I said, Okay, let's let's do this. I you know, you're going to be a good mom. We'll go for it. And then now I tell everybody, I measure my life in two pieces, before I had my first one and after it just when that first one came, it was just like, what you what you explained. It was just like, and of course, then after I had the first one, and then the second one was going to come, I was like, I don't know how I could love another child as much as I love this one, like this one is so cool. How can this be? How can that be? And then that next one comes, and you realize there's a new definition for love like that. That seemed impossible.

Jason Foley  6:39  
That's funny. You said that. It was just this weekend that my wife and I were saying, because we want to have more kids, it was this weekend that I said how we're not going to love the second kid as much as we love Luke. He's great. Like, this is, he's our first. It's he's gonna have the memory, like, he'll always be our first. And and as my parents have said it you and I really want it's like, it's not like that. It's not like, it's just not like that. You're right. That's a good way to put it, like it's a new definition of love for you,

Gary Ricke  7:09  
and you'll never know that until you get have a child. I don't think, I don't think it's, I think it's impossible to understand what that means until you have something you love so much and then you have another one of those things.

Jason Foley  7:20  
For sure, for sure. Yeah, they will. I'll report back my she wants four, but life is expensive nowadays, so we'll see. Yeah, yeah, for sure.

Gary Ricke  7:35  
So, but hey, you got some new purpose behind you, running your business now these days, I started my business. I started my business when my daughter was three months old. I left the family business. Yeah, she was three months old, and yeah, I was, Well, what happened was, so I work. I grew up working for my dad, and then I just want to get into this internet thing. And plus, we were fighting a bit, and, and I go, I don't want to fight, I don't want to fight with you. I like you too much. So I so the internet was big in 95 or 9395 I was tracking with it 93 and, and I decided to leave the family business and join a friend and start an internet company when my daughter was four months old. And, yeah, that was crazy, man. That was crazy. So I knew the importance of running a business, yeah, so you

Jason Foley  8:36  
started it when she was three, four months old. I started it when my wife was seven months pregnant, so we're

Gary Ricke  8:45  
on track. There you go. Man, a friend of mine at the time when I was doing it, he said, so close to death yet, so alive.

Jason Foley  8:53  
Yeah, I can relate to that.

Gary Ricke  8:59  
So, so So tell me about so, yeah. So you started to, you started your company to rep companies like unified

Jason Foley  9:09  
wire, yep. Yeah, exactly. So, like in the industry, in the wire, well, it can even be more than wire, but like in the manufacturing side of the house and over time, like they call them lines, like they call the company that you represent, lines, like my only line right now is unified, and then, yeah, hopefully over time, I will grow my book of business and grow my brand, and other companies will want me to sell for them. I wouldn't be selling the same products. Obviously, that'd be a conflict of interest, but I'll be selling stuff that the, you know, my dad's company can't manufacture. Maybe they'll go hand in hand, and I'll sell my customer the wire from my dad's company and the harness from the other company. So, yeah, so that's long term, but yeah, I really just need, I use the word simple as just, I guess, a filler word. But I just need, kind of, like, to start like, somewhere where people can go to my website and and see that there's not going to be much to it. I know that you're going to, if we do move forward with this, you're going to make it look amazing and way more than I'm even thinking. I'm just thinking of a landing page so people can click on my website, see who I represent, and see a little bit about me. I'm sure you'll add to that. But, yeah, I don't really have many ideas, to be honest. Like the ones that websites that I have looked at for rep companies like the some of them are pretty garbage. The only one that Harold sent it here. This is the company that is repping our company. Actually, we just brought them on. This is a rep firm, company that I'm putting in the chat here. This company, unified wire, just hired. They're out of Ohio. So this is like, you can kind of get a sense, like, if you look at the top, like, you'll see a little bit more about the company, and then you can dive into, like, different obviously, I'm the only one that works in my company. But like you for this website, like you can dive into different states, and based on the say, it tells you who, who they wrap, and then you know what company they wrap. And if you click on that, it'll tell you, like, who to reach out to. So this is not a, this is a decent page, in my opinion, like, just for, you know, smaller rep, firm, companies. So yeah, that's kind of that's really all I got to say. To be honest about it.

Gary Ricke  11:37  
Let me ask you this, do you have targets that you've been going after or are going after

Jason Foley  11:45  
to rep other companies? Yes, no, not yet. It'll be, it'll be, I want to say it'll probably be a couple years

Gary Ricke  11:55  
before you go after new clients.

Jason Foley  11:57  
Yeah, before I go before, well, yes, before I try to sell on behalf of other companies at least a year. There's a couple reasons for that. One of them, and kind of, maybe the main one being, is, I want to have a better expertise and knowledge on the industry before I just start calling a bunch of companies saying, Can you hire me? You know, because I don't want to go in there and implode and not perform. So it's nice that, you know, the first company is a company that my dad and uncle and grandfather used to own, so I can kind of get my feet wet and maybe I can fall a little bit more than what will be allowed at other companies is kind of how I take it.

Gary Ricke  12:44  
Gotcha. So you Yeah, so you're not really, really ready to go after now. What do you think I mean in general? Like, what's a comp? What is getting a new client worth?

Jason Foley  12:58  
Help me understand that question,

Gary Ricke  13:04  
if I, if I built the site for you, and that's it, you know, because I'm thinking, aside from what you just said, not ready to go forth exactly yet, let's just say you were okay. What I'd like to do is I'd like to not just build, help build your website. And again, this is not anything extensive, but the full package would be a landing page, an email blast that you can send out to some people, just if you got some contacts. And then maybe a way to bid, just in a similar way that I bid for you guys, a way for you to put together some pages easily, where you can go, and you send some emails. You get some interest that you get invited to meet them, and then you get back with a bid that looks as good as the bid that I gave you guys. And then, let's say you get that job. What is that job worth? Because if you get that job, and it's, it's worth 10 times what you paid to have all of this done. Well, then that's a good thing. I'd like, I'd like to get you some business to where, whatever you pay me to get the job, it's just, like, way more. It's worth way more the first job you get some you know, I've got a little experience, because I know my dad hired reps to sell some of his parts and stuff, but I don't really know what your margins would be, so I'm just that's, that's why I'm asking, like, what would it take to pay me back in terms of in the new business that you got?

Jason Foley  14:33  
Yeah, I'll try to break that down, and without having time to think about that question, that's a pretty extensive question. I'll give you kind of my first thoughts on it, not to, not to shut down how you're looking at it. But it's not exactly like, let me just take a second here. Take your time. You

Jason Foley  15:09  
It's not like, I feel like it's going to be different, of like, hey, like with you, we needed a website designer. You came to us and we were comparing your price and what we thought your capabilities were versus companies B's price. It's not like I'm going to these companies and giving them there's no salary in this world that I live in. So it's not like I'm bringing them an offer that's like, Hey, pay me 100 grand and you get this, this, this, it's more like, Hey, you're selling these parts that go hand in hand with what I'm currently selling. Can I rep your company? There's no risk or liability to them, because they are not on their benefits. They don't pay me a cent unless I bring them money. So it's not like they give me a salary. It's not like they give me anything. So I don't the only thing I need to do is pitch them myself, which I understand kind of goes hand in maybe hand in hand with having a nice website that really pitches me. But what it really comes down to, in this industry, because it's so blue collar, is, like, my website's not going to make someone say, oh, we need to hire this guy. Like, I can show you a rep that we have that makes a fuck ton of money, and if I send you his website, there's nothing to it. He literally has his name. It's basically a biz card. So it's not like, we didn't want to hire him because of that. And I hope this is making sense, but it's to get the job. It's not like, Okay, if I, if I'm going to pay you 10 grand to do this website, and that's going to help me get a job that's going to pay me 100 grand, that's tenfold. I don't look at this example of what you're going to do for me is that way, although I understand what you're trying to do and I appreciate it, I just think that it's a little bit different, especially because I'm not going after companies for right for the remainder of the year, it will not happen. So it's hard for me to say, like, Hey, I don't know. I know I'm talking a lot here, but I can't, I can't seem to correlate the how you're looking at it based on what I'm actually going to be doing. It's going to how this is going to work out is I'm going to have a connection in the industry, a customer of a customer. I'm going to go sit down with them, shoot the shit, and talk for an hour, and they're going to hire me or not hire me, and it hard. It'd be hard to say what kind of money that would be for me, because, you know, it takes a while to build that book of business when you work at that company. So again, it's not like I they hire me and they give me a 250 grand salary that doesn't exist in this world. Does that kind of make sense at all it does.

Gary Ricke  18:01  
Because in my experience with reps, it's exactly as you said. It's not you're going to get any salary. It's hey, I want you. I want you to give me a shot. I'm going to go and try and sell your products, and you're going to give me some kind of a percentage, yep, something like that. Yep. So I'm aware of that, and I'm aware of the idea that you got to build a relationship and you shoot the shit and all that. And I'm not talking about a lot of money for what I would want to charge. I'm just trying to figure out, because I do think that you being getting started new versus the guy who has a shitty website. Well, he's probably been doing this for 40 years, or 30 years, or whatever, so yeah, so his website isn't doing shit for him, correct? But your website, your website can be more of a today's type of a business card to where, if you get somebody to go and visit your website, or if you if there's a way to create a, you know, easily create a page with some of these AI tools, to where you're specifically talking to that person that you wouldn't saw. In some degree, maybe you lock in this, this, this new work, a bit faster than a guy with a shitty website. Maybe it gives you a chance to somebody to give us give you a shot in a ways that they're going to be, you know, I don't know this guy. I don't know he's been doing this whatever, but if they see a page that looks fucking awesome, they're going to go, This guy looks serious. He's better than any

Jason Foley  19:23  
you know, and I agree exactly with what you just said. That's why I'm reaching out to you, to be honest, like I played around with Vistaprint and GoDaddy and the past week of website. They can create one for me less than 100 bucks, and I saw kind of what the outcome was going to be, and I can have a website with my contact info, but it sucked, so I reached out to you because I need to understand is, is, is the what's the saying? Is the squeeze worth? Is the pulp worth, worth the squeeze?

Gary Ricke  19:55  
So is the juice worth the squeeze?

Jason Foley  19:57  
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Is the kind of an idiot? Is the juice worth the squeeze. So I'm in full agreement that what you could put together for me will be give me a better outcome and make me look better in this industry than what I could do today on GoDaddy, and it will likely lead to potential more business. Someday, it'll have, I'll have a better footprint, because it'll just be a better website overall. So that's kind of it. I just need to truthfully, to be told. I need to understand, okay, Gary told me it's going to cost this much. Do I want to grab that right now, or do I not That's That's it, and I know that you will do a great job, so I just need to figure that out.

Gary Ricke  20:47  
Yeah, I'm trying to push it a little bit further into instead of just kind of just building a really cool website, I'd love to help. I'd love to help, pull in a couple of jobs, take a little further, send some emails out, get them to the web page, maybe figure out and again, I don't think you saw how fast I could put together some of the demos for like the truck wrap and all that kind of stuff. It'd be something like that. It doesn't take a lot to kind of get your foot in the door a little bit faster, a little bit and get somebody to trust you and commit to you. So I'm trying to expand a little bit so that you get work, and you get paid and and you and you get jobs that that were more than what you had to pay me to do it. Okay? And again, I'm not talking about charging a lot. I'm saying I just want to make sure that you get more than just a website, that you get some work from it,

Jason Foley  21:40  
I can walk you through a couple scenarios where I could use help today with unified, and you tell me if this is something that you're able to do. So this is not going to be talking about getting new clients. This is the current job. Okay, so right, right now, and I'm putting you on the spot, so if you want to think about it and get back to me, so be it. So right now, I have, like over 100 accounts in my name. Over half of those accounts have done business with unified at one point, but no longer do. That could be based on so many things, the top three are at one point our prices got too high, so they moved to Cust supplier B. At one point they weren't getting the attention they wanted because we were such a small company. And Company B came in and gave them the Gary Ricke experience, and they grabbed a hold of that and moved away. I don't know about a third, but the reasons are that, or the bottom line is they don't do business with us. So right now, what I'm doing is I'm emailing the contacts that I have with these companies, some type of email like, hey, we used to do business with you. I was recently hired, and in managing the relationship between Orbis and unified, I would love to quote some of the products that you're currently buying and see if we can't, you know, earn some of that business back. And 90% of the time it fails, they're either don't respond. Maybe my email is going to spam. Maybe they say we are happy where we are right now. And so what, you know, I'm just sending them an email. What's a better way to stand out that might get them to say, Huh? Either I liked what I saw or I liked how he word this email. Let me send them some of the stuff I'm buying. Let them quote it, and let's see if it's worth coming back to him. Some of these companies, we did business for 15 years for we had good relationships, some business, it was a year. So is that something that you'd be able to support Absolutely?

Gary Ricke  23:49  
That's perfect. You gotta, you gotta, you got a bunch that are potentially warm. And what's kind of exciting is a lot of what I'm doing too, is doing some print postcards. So not just the emails, but you could, we could create some postcards that have some cool designs on it, of wire or whatever, and then you write a little message and then send them, as well as another touch point of getting them to respond if email isn't working. Because I think some real creative postcards is something that I would add to the mix I would love, because then, of course, you know from past what those jobs are worth. So I love a shot to to do this, and then to make sure that you get the that out of the jobs that you get from this process, that it more than covers what it would cost for us to put together a campaign to go after all these guys, and

Jason Foley  24:45  
that's something that I could quantify of like, hey, if Gary gives me this tool, and within six months, I I can keep track of what business you've brought me based off of your tactics, so that I can quantify, yeah, so that would be worth it to me, based on what you provide, because it is hard to break into these accounts. And I don't know if this is something you can help with. This might be like a zoom Info Tool or like a LinkedIn tool, but like some of the companies, the context I have, you know, the last time we did business was 2012 so that guy's moved on to seven other jobs. You don't have a way to pull current context, do you?

Gary Ricke  25:30  
Yeah, you can. You can use AI to research and find out who you can do some of that stuff.

Jason Foley  25:36  
So what are you thinking as a next step? Kind of like, unify, like, maybe you'll put together a landing page, or, like, some things you can do for me.

Gary Ricke  25:47  
Yeah, I like to, so you have this list, right? Of these 100 people, yeah, like,

Jason Foley  25:52  
100 accounts, and with them, I have contacts. I don't have contacts, all of them, and some of them, a lot of them are outdated, truth be told. So when I email, it just bounces back, you know, they're no longer with us.

Gary Ricke  26:03  
Yeah. I mean, do you have that enough? Like, can you, can you put that together in a Google sheet so I can look at that sheet

Jason Foley  26:09  
of the contacts?

Gary Ricke  26:11  
So, yeah, so if you can get, you have a list of those customers that you want to go after, right? So you've got the customers, you've got who the contact was, and do you have, like, what they had bought, or do you have some numbers of what they were buying and stuff like that?

Jason Foley  26:29  
The product, a lot of them, is going to be a no there, because our system doesn't go back that far. Let me actually, you just made me think of something really good, right when we hang up. I'm going to email who handles our ERP system, because right now it dates back to 2020, I think it just takes him a quick click of a button to make that year go back further. If so, then yes, I will know that product, truth be told, though, I need to talk to my dad and his boss. If I can share that info. I have no idea if that's like, allowed under without an NBA,

Gary Ricke  27:08  
yeah, just just, just the deal would be, is that what I'd like to do is I'd like to to to build a campaign that went after all hundreds of those guys. So we don't just build a website, but we build a campaign that goes all and we would want to be able to go, and it would include find who the new contact is, and then it would be some kind of a targeted email, and maybe even some postcards that says, hey, you were buying this. So you know what I mean, if you go to somebody, and we have some some of that history in there, in our outreach to them, that helps us make a connection with them, because we're not just cold calling, we're saying, Hey, we've had a relationship, and we've done our homework, and we knew we were buying this, and we think we can do some better work for you. You know I'm saying so I just, you don't necessarily have to give me the list, but I'd like to know that if we could get that whole list together, then I think I can help research who to contact. And then I gotta think about a little bit more, but some kind of campaign that goes after all 101 shot just and then we get them to your landing page. That is what you asked for, but it's personalized a bit to Yup, to this thing that so they click, Oh, interesting. They click over. And I don't know, we might even make a couple of personalized videos to where, when they click to the page. Here's you. Hey, I'm Jason, and I just sent you that because I'm blah, blah, blah. So we have that. It can be one video that goes to every single person. These are some ideas that are flowing. But I feel like there's no question. At 100 you'll get some business from that. There's no question.

Jason Foley  28:46  
Okay, so let's do this. When we hang up, I would like to hope so I would agree whether or not, yeah, we'll potentially see. So let's do a couple things. I'm going to send an email to who does our ERP right now, because if I can, you just made hit a light bulb in my head, if I can get that information, that would help me a lot, even if we didn't do, let's just say we didn't do the campaign, at least when I cold call them, I know what the hell they bought. So that's right, you put together, and there's no I know that when you got your hands full with what we're doing on unified this is kind of a secondary thing, but some type of exactly what you do for unified, your pitch on what we can do, although I know that this isn't music to your ears, if for whatever reason, just based off the price or based off the timing, if I did just want To do a website to start, what that price would be as well. So maybe website alone, and then website plus campaign. I want a couple things to compare to each other, if that makes absolutely

Gary Ricke  29:51  
no totally understand, and I know that you're, you're starting out a new family and all that kind of stuff. So I get it. I get it.

Jason Foley  29:59  
Yeah, okay, well, yeah, let's do that. I got me feeling more excited than when I entered this meeting, because that would help a lot if I got a PO for $100,000 because of this, that would pay for this.

Gary Ricke  30:14  
So that's what's cool, is that you've got the support of unify to help you reach these customers like that's a rare situation. So you can go all in on these 100 accounts. You'll pull something from that. There's no question, I think there's no question that's going to happen. It's a great way to kick start your business too. Is by, yeah, you I think we can do something, but I understand. I'll price it both ways. That's not a problem at all. Cool. I'll just wait to hear from you. All right, my friend.

Jason Foley  30:53  
All right. Take care. Thank you.

Gary Ricke  30:54  
Later. Jason, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
